Denver Beer Co.
https://denverbeerco.com/
4455 Jason St Denver, CO 80211
303-433-2739


Tart Delight Citrus Sour 
Sour
lime juice, pink himalayan sea salt, wheat, munich malts
5% ABV 

Juice Freak Juice IPA 
IPA
6.5% ABV
American hop, orange, mango, pear and stone fruit 

Princess Yum Yum Raspberry Kolsch
traditinal Kolsh, raspebrries 
4.8 % ABV

Pretzel Assassin Amber Lager
Vienna Lager
caramel malts, German Noble hops, 
5.0% ABV

Graham Cracker Porter
5.6% ABV
vanilla, smoked cedar and mulling species, chocolate 
a dark pout 


Odd13 Brewing 
301 East Simpson St
Lafayette CO 80026
303-997-4164

Jetman Jimmy
4.50% ABV
lightly hopped Dolden Ale with Oats

Vincent Van Couch 
4.80% ABV
Kettle Sour with Citra and Mosiac

Admiral Abyss
7.00 ABV
Chocolate Stout 
crystal Malt, Lactose and Cacao 

Haole Bartender
6.0 ABV
Fruit Kettle Sour, passionfruit, guava, blood orange and Lactose

I love Juicy
6.30 ABV
IPA
Pomegranate and orange hopped 
pink boots proprietary blend


Kokopelli Beer Company
8931 N Harlan St
Westminster CO 80031
303-284-0135

Fruit Cup
IBU: 9
ABV: 5.1%
WeissBier
Our Berryana Weiss Bier blended with the Pineapple Cider gives you a Strawberry Banana and Pineapple Weizen. Giving you
a fruity refreshing weizen for the summer.

Lil' Red Hefe
3.5% ABV
American Amber Hefeweizen
with ruby red tines and fruity tropical notes

Hop Slugger
IPA-American
7% ABV
spicy resinous American IPA

Vanilla Moon
5.3% ABV
Stout
chocolate aroma milk stout 

Red MoonRed Ale- American Amber/red
5.5% ABV
caramel and toffee 

East of the Mississippi
IBU: 80
ABV: 6%
IPA - American
We're wicked excited about our first East Coast IPA!The nice floral nose of this hazy medium bodied IPA, will have you
ready to march off and fight the Red Coats! Once you taste the citrus hoped flavor,you will be an East Coaster for life!

Koko Sensation
IBU: 42
ABV: 5.5%
Chocolate Coconut Porter
An American Porter with a smooth medium body highlighted with chocolate coconut.

Twin Slugger
IBU: 100
ABV: 9.6%
IPA - Imperial / Double
An intensely hoppy, very strong pale ale. Grapefruit citrus notes on your nose, and a delicious resinous finish. Just be
warned...this one packs a punch!

Blonde Bomb
IBU: 39
ABV: 6%
Blonde American Stout
A lighter bodied, golden American Stout with hints of chocolate.




4 Noses Brewing
https://www.4nosesbrewing.com/
8855 WEST 116TH CIRCLE
BROOMFIELD, CO 80021
(720) 460-2797


Beers:

Revised Copy
Hazy IPA
7.2% ABV
N/A IBU

Bright and Citrusy Hazy IPA made with Citra, Simcoe, & Amarillo hops

Key Lime Pie Velvet
Milkshake IPA
6.9% ABV
Milkshake IPA brewed with key lime juice, vanilla, orange blossom honey, and lactose

Raspberry Blonde
blonde ale
6.5% ABV
12 IBU
Refreshing and lightly tart blonde ale made with hundreds of pounds of raspberries

'Bout Damn Time
West-Coast IPA
7.1% ABV
68 IBU
A West-Coast IPA with bright hoppy citrus flavors and aromas, and a crisp assertive bitterness

Perfect Drift
German-style Pilsner
4.5% ABV
25 IBU
Crisp and refreshing German-style Pilsner, with a brightness derived from Cascade hops

Late Czech Out
Pilsner
4.8% ABV
N/A IBU
A traditional Czech-style Pilsner brewed with a double-decoction mash, using Bohemian pilsner malt and Saaz hops




New Belgium
https://www.newbelgium.com/
500 Linden St
Fort Collins, CO 80524
(970) 221-0524

Beers:

Bohemian Pilsener
4.8% ABV
16 IBU
Pilsener
Elegantly simple and enjoyably crisp. Pilsener's clean and easy-drinking with a light, spicy hop bite. Kick back, relax
and pop open an instant classic.


Citradelic Tangerine IPA
6% ABV
50 IBU
Tangerine IPA
Tune in and hop out with New Belgium Citradelic. Set adrift on a kaleidoscopic wave of hoppiness brought to you by a
mystical marriage of Citra hops and tangerine peel, which elevates each sip onto a plane of pure tropical, fruity
pleasure. Citradelic’s namesake hop and fruit combine to jam with visions of additional hops like citrusy Mandarina
Bavaria, tropical Azzaca, and fruity Galaxy for a colorful explosion that’s grounded by just a touch of malty sweetness.
Bored by the status quo? Expand your palate with a pour of Citradelic. Hops - Nugget, Crystal, Centennial, Azzaca,
Cascade, Citra, Chinook, Galaxy, Mandarina Bavaria, Simcoe. Matls - Pale, Caramel 120. Tangerine infused orange peel.


Dayblazer Easy Going Ale
4.8% ABV
13 IBU
Golden Ale
Silver Medal Great American Beer Festival Winner! A deliciously refreshing golden ale, at 4.8% ABV, brewed with the
finest malts and hops giving a sweet, crisp citrus finish with just a hint of honey. Available in 12-oz. and 19.2-oz.
cans.

Fat Tire
5.2% ABV
22 IBU
Amber
Fat Tire Amber is the easy-drinking Amber Ale born in Colorado from New Belgium Brewing Company, a certified B-Corp.
Malts: Pale, C-80, Munich, Victory Hops: Willamette, Goldings, Nugget Yeast: House Ale Yeast


The Hemperor HPA
7% ABV
55 IBU
HPA
Get ready: The Hemperor HPA, an exciting new style, will change the way you think about hoppy beers. We found a unique
way to recreate the flavors of hemp with a beer that complements the inclusion of hop flavors and hemp hearts (seeds) to
deliver something new, delicious and extremely dank.

Voodoo Ranger American Haze
5% ABV
30 IBU
With notes of passionfruit and freedom, American Haze is a supremely drinkable, juicy and unfiltered IPA brewed with
all-American hops

Voodoo Ranger Imperial IPA
9% ABV
70 IBU
Imperial IPA
A rare blend of choice hops creates an explosion of fresh-cut pine and citrus flavors for a complex, rich and delicious
flavor.


Odell
https://www.odellbrewing.com/
800 East Lincoln Ave
Fort Collins, CO 80524
(970) 498-9070

90 SHILLING ALE
IBU: 32
ABV: 5.3%
Amber
90 Shilling is our smooth and complex flagship beer. A medium-bodied amber ale with a distinct burnished copper color
and a deeply pleasant aroma. The name 90 Shilling comes from the Scottish method of taxing beer. Only the highest
quality beers were taxed 90 Shillings. We think you’ll find this original ale brilliantly refreshing, and worth every
Shilling.

HAMMER CHAIN
IBU: 45
ABV: 8.0%
FRESH GRIND DOUBLE IPA
Hammer Chain was born to reinvent our approach to Double IPAs. Named after the spinning blades of our custom-built
machine that pulverizes each whole-flower hop, Hammer Chain is brewed with meticulously sourced, vibrant American hop
varieties and packed with notes of drippy tropical fruit, radiant peach, and sweet stonefruit.

COLORADO LAGER
IBU: 12
ABV: 5.0%
LAGER
Colorado Lager has been in the works for well over a year now. After countless test batches on our pilot system, we’re
thrilled to share our interpretation of the style with the fans in our home state. It’s a style we love to drink, and we
think there’s a place for a lager in the craft beer lover’s fridge.

ISOLATION ALE
IBU: 42
ABV: 6.1%
WINTER WARMER
A funny thing happens here around summer’s end—our eyes start searching the skies for those first fall flakes. As we
welcome autumn’s first snow, we celebrate the return of Isolation Ale—a sweet-caramel malty ale balanced by a subtle
crisp hop finish. Whether you ski, shred, or shoe, it’ll inspire you to make first tracks.

MYRCENARIO
IBU: 70
ABV: 10%
IPA
Mycernario is the result of a barrel exchange with our friends just south of the border. We aged our Mycernario IPA in
Jose Cuervo® Tradicional® barrels. In turn, the folks at Jose Cuervo® aged Tradicional in our beer barrels. The brew
boasts a spicy, tropical hop character that balances the toasted oak with a surprisingly smooth finish.



Weld Werks Brewing Co
https://weldwerksbrewing.com
508 8th Avenue
Greeley, Colorado 80631
(970) 460-6345

Juicy Bits
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.7%
Hazy IPA
Our flagship Hazy IPA brewed with Citra, Mosaic & El Dorado hops.


Coffee French Toast Stout
IBU: N/A
ABV: 7.1%
Milk Stout
Milk Stout brewed with Maple Syrup, Cinnamon, Peruvian Coffee, Milk Sugar + Vanilla.


Fudgy Grahams
IBU: N/A
ABV: 10.7%
Imperial Milk Stout
Imperial Milk Stout brewed with Chocolate Fudge, Milk Sugar, Milk Chocolate, and over 50 lbs of Keebler Deluxe Grahams.

Turtle Cheesecake Stout
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.9%
Milk Stout
Milk Stout Brewed with Chocolate Fudge, Caramel, Pecan, Milk Sugar and Cheesecake.

Sabro DDH Juicy Bits
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.7%
DDH (Cans)
Our flagship IPA brewed with Citra, Mosaic and El Dorado hops and Double Dry Hopped with Sabro.


Wiley Roots Brewing Co
http://www.wileyroots.com
625 3rd Street, Unit D
Greeley, CO 80631
(970) 515-7315

Beers:

Wooden Spoon & Whisk: Maple Cinnamon Sticky Buns
IBU: 21
ABV: 11.1%
Imperial Milk Stout
Imperial Milk Stout with Maple, Cinnamon, and Milk Sugar


Sweet Cherry County Fair Cobbler
IBU: 10
ABV: 6.5%
Milkshake Sour IPA
Milkshake Sour IPA with Sweet Cherry purée, Graham Cracker, Cinnamon, Vanilla, and Milk Sugar dry hopped with Galaxy,
Mosaic, and El Dorado hops


Blueberry Meringue Tart
IBU: N/A
ABV: 5.5%
Sour Ale
Sour Ale with puréed Blueberries, Milk Sugar, and Vanilla dry hopped with Mosaic hops


Friends IRL
IBU: 6
ABV: 9%
Imperial Sour Murky Double IPA
Imperial Sour Murky Double IPA with puréed Raspberry and Passionfruit, Fruit Punch Kool-Aid, triple dry hopped with
Citra hops


Local Beer
IBU: 20
ABV: 4.7%
German Lager
German Munich Helles Lager with Pilsner malt, Acidulated malt, and Northern Brewer hops traditionally brewed for
year-round enjoyment with a clean malt flavor, light hop character, and smooth finish


Breckenridge Brewing
https://www.breckbrew.com/
2920 Brewery Lane
Littleton, CO 80120
(303)803-1380


Vanilla Porter
IBU: 16
ABV: 5.4%
Porter
Real vanilla beans from Madagascar combined with caramel and Munich malts create a beer that’s balanced and flavorful.
Aromas of vanilla and toasted grain set the stage for mellow flavors of vanilla and dark roasted malts. Don’t let its
deep mahogany color fool you. Vanilla Porter is dark in color and packed with flavor, yet it is as smooth as they come
and easy to enjoy at any time of the year.

Hop Peak IPA
IBU: 57
ABV: 6.5%
IPA
Simcoe and Citra dry hops form a pinnacle of lush citrus and pine aromas in this modern interpretation of the classic
India Pale Ale. Our hopback infuses flavor from whole cone hops to build a complex body, further emboldened by the
addition of an oil-rich, concentrated hop flower resin called lupulin powder. This potent powder kicks up a fresh hoppy
dominance, which is supported by a backbone of unique specialty malts. Golden amber in color and refreshing in taste,
Hop Peak IPA is a congratulatory drink for reaching any of life’s summits.

Nitro Irish Stout
IBU: 38
ABV: 4.8%
Nitro Irish Stout
Brewed with roasted Irish barley for a rich malty flavor, the memorable, sensory nature of Nitro Irish Stout nods to the
welcoming adventure that our home state’s all about.

Oktoberfest
IBU: 20
ABV: 6%
Marzen Lager
Oktoberfest is an elegant German Amber Lager that’s true to style and exceptionally smooth. Bready, toasty aromas and
flavors mingle with light malty sweetness. Its soft mouthfeel is met with a touch of hops to offer a clean, dry finish.


King's Dish
IBU: 55
ABV: 6.8%
Bourbon Ale
One of our greatest works, this revival of Burton Style Ale pairs traditional British ingredients with Shakespeare's
historic prose for a dark full-flavored beer characterized by intense malt flavors. A royal reinterpretation made ready
for laymen, it's proof you need not be a king to drink like one.



Comrade Brewing
https://comradebrewing.com
7667 East Iliff Ave. #F
Denver, CO 80231
(720) 748-0700

Beer:


Superpower IPA
IBU: 100
ABV: 7.3%
IPA
2019 Great American Beer Festival Gold Medal American-Style Strong Pale Ale American IPA with loads of Pacific Northwest
hops. Huge pine and grapefruit hop aroma, with flavors of citrus, balanced bitterness with a light malt character.


Honeyman
IBU: 42
ABV: 6.7%
IPA
The fifth in our R&D IPA series. Hopped with Azacca, Mosaic, Citra and Lemondrop. Beautifully bright golden straw color,
intense floral and citrus aroma with big notes of red fruits. Crisp and dry finish with a nice smooth bitterness. The
beer is named after our favorite hand truck manufacturer, Honeyman Aluminum Products in Portland, OR.


Yellow Card
IBU: N/A
ABV: 5.3%
Golden Ale
Crisp and refreshing blonde ale brewed with Citra hops. Subtle notes of melon, passion fruit and lime in the aroma. A
real thirst quencher.


REDCON
IBU: N/A
ABV: 5.4%
Red Ale - Irish
2018 GABF Bronze Medal Winner. Our take on an Irish Red Ale. Brewed with Simcoe hops. Slight caramel sweetness and just
a hint of roast, and a light citrus nose.


Bogan Tinnies
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.2%
IPA
Brewed with Root Shoot Genie Pale Malt, grown and malted in Loveland, Colorado. Hopped with Australian Enigma and New
Zealand Waimea hops for this Southern Hemisphere IPA. White grape, light tropical fruit, resinous pine, grapefruit &
pomelo.



Station 26 Brewing
http://www.station26brewing.co
7045 East 38th Ave
Denver, CO 80207
(303) 333-1825

Beers:

Tangerine Cream
IBU: N/A
ABV: 5.2%
Cream Ale
Sunshine in a glass. A cream ale plus fruity creamsicle flavors. Gluten Reduced.

Lemon Lavender Blonde
IBU: N/A
ABV: 5.4%
Blonde Ale
A blonde ale with potent notes of lemon and lavender flower.


Export Stout
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.5%
Stout
This foreign export stout features a smoothly roasted malt character with light hints of coffee, chocolate, and caramel.


Juicy Banger IPA
7.4%
IBU: N/A
ABV: 7.4%
IPA
Our flagship IPA. Notes of apricot, papaya, and honey.


Schwarzbier
IBU: N/A
ABV: 6.5%
German Lager
This classic German lager is dark and roasted. Delicious.
